C323 - Assignment 01
Team 24
Team 24 
Phoebe Spratt || phospra@iu.edu
Christian Elliott || elliotcp@iu.edu
Milton Hinnant || hinnant@indiana.edu
April 20, 2021

"Botanical Buddies"

App description:
"Botanical Buddies" keeps track of how much water you drink a day. It also gives you a
little botanical buddy that you have to care for. To keep your buddy healthy, you have
to water them so every time you have a drink of water you also water your buddy.

The first time you open your app you are asked how much you weigh. Then you are asked
the level of activity you are: not really active, regular amount of active, and very
active. Then it asks you what unit for the water you'd like to use, oz or mL. The app 
takes your weight and then it calculates the recommended amount of water you should drink 
a day. It will save that data as your body info. So that's our persistent settings.

After your body info is all figured out then you choose your buddy. There will be 
different options of what kind of plant you want. It could be I'm not quite sure yet, but
maybe like a sunflower, or a cactus, a rose, a potato? Then we might make the pot be 
able to be changed, but that might be too much. Then after you choose your buddy, you
name your buddy. Then it goes to the screen that will be the main screen from now on. 

Under the buddy, there is the cups shelf. So you can choose the different cup that you
would like to use. The different cups will be a normal cup, a (reusable) water bottle (bc
we care about the earth), a big cup. Then you could also maybe change the volume of the
cup. After you choose it the cup will show up next to your buddy and to water the buddy
you will tap(or maybe hold down on) the cup.

There will be a thing that shows how much water left you need to drink and also what 
level and also health your buddy is at. Once it's at level three maybe we haven't decided
it will be full grown and you choose another buddy to plant. The other buddy is put in
the book of old buddies. That'll be the table view probably.

There's a settings page where you could change any settings you mind need to, like maybe
your weight or maybe you want to change the units. We maybe will make a reminder to drink
that will be maybe every 4 hours. But that's only a maybe.

Also I just reread and saw that this was supposed to be brief, so sorry about that.